[Music]
ask him what they wore he's asking what
you want I wasn't here in ten minutes
but I shoot you in the face and then
hang up don't he wants you here in 10
minutes or he shoots me in the face
was he surprised when they sound
surprised an American with the machine
gun has taken over created bunker
there's a bunker shot she's obviously
got a muscle cramp or something in her
banana everybody we will let the ladies
go when it's over there one moment 1
million US dollars been a Mustang 302
like Steve McQueen had and boy
my dad married disable the cameras you
think I shouldn't have you done this
before
[Music]
the girls have have they been harmed yes
why would they say that cops lie to get
what they were all of Sweden would like
to know what is it like being stuck in
there with those criminals it's not too
bad
you let me call you didn't have to you
and yours
listen I and I can go home you're
unbelievably brave but you trust them
more than we trust our police if they
won't our help they need to show us some
respect as the police comes in based of
shooting we will shoot
okay I gotta kill sorry boss he's like a
child
remember the Alamo
[Music]